Fix for AttributeError thrown when calling metrics.pairwise_distances with binary metrics and Y is None (#13864)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.21.rst

.. currentmodule:: sklearn

.. _changes_0_21_1:

> Version 0.21.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 0.21.1
```

==============

**May 2019**

This is a bug-fix release with some minor documentation improvements and

> enhancements to features released in 0.20.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enhancements to features released in 0.21.0.
```
